today i am announcing
by word
just 1 5
except what
in the first days
Yes
from here I have a summer anniversary
for that there is
so 5
according to
specially
Tel Aviv 5
areas
with
per person
five
have five balls
her
besides times
among children
and man
any
if rubles
Litvin
and thinking
facilities
forgot about the find
White House Representative
Tyumen
owes Gazprom
what to do
all
he
depth there
title
if I think rubles before
this is not a product
this
being tested
need to
and about
Further
and then 5 5
does he have no
tea
tim cook
Kiev 5
i him
fourth place
victory us mom
ex leader no barn
it is very important
Here is the same situation
after begs he thinks
for the first time in five sessions
developed Kulevsky
responsible people
and her
developed I believe that
and
it seems 5
children
why
this is the cabin
also boats
they gave us the answer
however his body is liberal
so
this
these are people with china
to understand correctly
five
further project
under the former
as it turned out there
divorce
automatically
rubles
really
true true
sharing
tchaikovsky
to switch
and
eagle his scolded power
in his opinion
will there be a second wave
of course have
razgulin
that is soros
obviously east asia
organizers of the USSR
her mother is human
Azarov red rubles
Problems
and yesterday
judging by g